I actually find that a little bit
frustrating that people can't understand
why I consider myself to be white that's
one of the most authentic instances of
nervous laughter I've ever seen or heard
on the Internet
why do you think there's such nervous
laughter why possibly would anyone find
this so tense and uncomfortable an issue
to discuss
could it be perhaps because she's the
member of one of the few ideologies in
the world one of the few racist
fascistic ideologies where to be a
member your credentials have to include
being entirely of white ancestry could
it be that she is in the hypocritical
position of advocating against
intermarriage between the hold on quote
races and yet she is herself in fact a
product of intermarriage between the
races ladies and gentlemen this is the
tragicomic situation of Tara McCarthy
and like so many of her most interesting
videos this is one that she quickly
deleted from the internet or removed
from the internet and Internet it wasn't
up for all that long
bonus Yin Mike Torre my great granddad
was an Indian guy so and he married a
woman who was like half to you half
Christian my grades grandma was a half
Jew okay
I'm not after you my great-grandma was a
half Jew and according to any Jews who
I've spoken to about this they do not
consider me to be a Jew
I don't consider me to be a Jew no one
in my personal life considers me spared
you since professor I am mostly white
most of my ancestors are white most of
my ancestors are Celtic I'm actually
both a British citizen and an Irish
citizen my dad is a hundred percent
Irish
my mum my mum is half Welsh so like
that's 75% right there Mike Tory my
great granddad as an Indian guy I have
Indian relatives living in the u.s. I've
traveled all around India you know the
capital city the self the very many
parts of India I don't really know like
what else you want to know where why
else you think I would I would not be as
I am as a nationalist and that and
identifying as white wait
but your ideology tarah that you preach
relentlessly on YouTube on Twitter on
other social media platforms your
ideology specifically is not that mostly
is good enough I have seen Tara McCarthy
directly state in relation to her good
friend vegan gains who said that she
believes he who is half black and half
white that he should be exiled from
Canada the United States and sent back
to Africa that's your belief that's your
political position that you espouse Tara
you don't have some warm open arms
policy that if people are quote-unquote
mostly white like yourself that they're
welcome in North America you think they
should be kicked out you've said that
about Richard whom you know personally
you've said that about vegan gains and
yet here you are offering these excuses
for yourself so it would be a little bit
weird for me to identify as Indian not
to mention you know German bird from my
great-grandma so yeah and I obviously I
can show you my 23andme can't really
show you right now but another time I
can show you and I'm clearly maturity
white you know I've been involved in a
lot of different walks of life if you
watch this channel you already know I
did humanitarian work in Laos and
Cambodia I did research different places
all over the world I just got back from
almost two years living
China right in the border between
Myanmar and China nowhere have I been
involved in any political movement or
any job where my ethnicity and my
bloodline mattered or at qualified me
for the job
I am half Jewish I remember when I first
did my job interview my girlfriends off
camera here babe you remember I told you
that story at the time yeah you know one
of the people interviewing me one of the
Chinese people interviewed me he did ask
you said oh are you Persian it's a
totally reasonable question he just
thought the the shape of my nose and
face and someone looked a little bit
more Persian than than Western European
and you know I told him oh no I you know
I'm I'm half Jewish and so on a couple
of times the Chinese people are trying
to just came up but he never really
mattered you know it never really
mattered
I've definitely faced prejudice and
hostility on account of religion on
again I'm gonna beliefs on account of
religious Creed but race in this sense
bloodline boy she managed to sign up for
the one ideology she actively propounds
and promotes the one ideology where she
has to face up to this and for her it's
a bitter pill to swallow because it
makes her a complete hypocrite now of
course there are people you know who who
call themselves white nationalists and
who thinks that anyone who even has like
one drop of non-white blood should not
be in their country and that's their
opinion I support the right to to make
that proposal I support the right to
make that as a proposition for political
policy but I don't think most people
agree with them because I think that
most people would recognize that that's
kind of an unrealistic and unnecessary
standard to uphold having said that you
know if you personally feel like you
want to make sure that your your fiancee
has a hundred percent white blood before
you get married to them before you have
kids with them that's fine go ahead I'm
not going to help you
but I don't think that's really the the
goal that most people who identify as
ethno nationalists or who have an
earthly nationalist sympathies I don't
think that's actually what what they
would support as a policy so it's it's
kind of strange it's kind of strange to
think that I would be identifying with
my Asian side that's all I'm saying
so yeah so so people you know say but
I'm mixed-race or whatever the other
thing is Indians are actually Caucasian
so I'm 100% Caucasian that makes you
happy so I don't feel very conflicted or
anything just just think about how
pathetic it is to be sign up for any
ideology where you've got to show your
blood test to show that you're part of
that political movement nobody asked me
I mean when I was involved with Buddhism
when I was involved humanitarian work in
Laos what does it both humanitarian
working plug politics and studies
related to the First Nations people the
Korean the agility I didn't have to be
partly Cree or partly a jib way to try
to do something positive for the cree
language or the cree people you kidding
me I mean it was important what I
believed in was before was important
that I wasn't a Christian missionary it
was important that I you know what
ideologically I personally believed in
dia logically and religiously but my
bloodline you want to talk about your
DNA test really homeboy I don't I don't
know I mean God just imagine how
pathetic would be if there were a ph.d
program that let you in on the basis of
your blood test if there were anything
any job anywhere in the world any
political party if the Green Party cared
about your DNA and your blood test
pathetic it would totally discredit the
Green Party but totally discredit the
PhD program that's near but this woman
signed up for the one fringe racist
political ideology where she's got to
talk about her blood test and her DNA
ratios
so I think it's fair to say that I'm not
a Jew by blood I have 2% Ashkenazi jeans
recording 23andme any of you noticed
this but in her old racist videos I
think most of them were deleted sheep's
putting up videos and deleting them she
big Twitter comments that's gone too but
she always pointed out that you know she
was partly Jewish and she would claim
that Jewish people do really well in IQ
tests and so on like as if she's not you
know like she's a white supremacist he's
part of the sophistic you know movement
but you know but she's not ashamed of
being partly Jewish well what this
reveals is she has twice as much Indian
ancestry as she has Jewish ancestry and
she is ashamed of it so she's mentioned
all of her other ancestry the Celtic
ancestry the German ancestry but yeah
this quote this simply a viewer in her
audience she was doing a live stream and
someone commented look just looking at
your facial structure I can tell you're
partly of Indian ancestry why aren't you
more open about your own mixed Asian
ancestry and this is the awkward answer
she gave to that question hey guys so
someone emailed me and asked me this
question that I get kind of semi often
in the comments and thought I might as
well make a video to address it so I'll
read out here being a mixed-race
death-row nationalist how do you
reconcile your mixed culture blood are
you ashamed that you are not only white
lots of questions here do you hate you a
non-white side do you try so hard to fit
in with white people that you don't seem
to find a connection to our Asian blood
you are obviously from the UK you are
also a mixture with an Indian ancestor
or two judging by your face and history
between Britain and India I'd say it's
pretty close
anyways it's not my business I just
thought you should consider that you
have indulged in a bit of self-hate so
it's it's kind of strange it's kind of
strange to think that I would be
identifying with my Asian side that's
all I'm saying
it's kind of strange to think
that you're a member of an ideology that
actively demonizes intermarriage of what
Europeans and Asian's and you or
yourself the product of intermarriage of
what Europeans Asian that's what's kind
of strange here Tara that's the
strangest thing of all
[Music]
evolution